by the way how many of you went to
church today for Ash Wednesday - any of
you have a little bit of ash on you I
didn't think so no today is Ash
Wednesday it's the first day of Lent and
with all the terrible things going on
right now this year for the land I'm not
giving up anything I'm just giving up
hey Jenna
we made some ass Wednesday mischief
today went out in the rain and we told
people this afternoon that was the last
day of Lent ask them to share what
they've given up for the past 40 days of
course today it's not the last day of
late it's the first day Lent but did
that stop people from lying directly to
Jesus's face
let's find out in an Ash Wednesday
edition of lye witness news
[Music]
[Applause]
over the past 40 days everyone gave up
something for Lent what did you give up
slushies like iseas yeah was it hard
it's very hard at Louisville they're
like an addiction for me but today's the
last day so you get to trick him again
yeah I'd also excited 40 days ago I
decided to stop drinking soda it worked
and stuff obviously and I don't know it
was hard and you just got to keep
pushing through it and I did and few
times I wanted to crack when I saw other
people around me drinking soda but I
figured go healthier and I'd live a
better life so for the last 40 days I
gave up donuts which is probably one of
the hardest things a human can do and
had my first one again this morning and
life-changing so you really didn't drink
any slushies for 40 days yeah it was
tough for me it was really tough I swear
to God I swear to God and may lightning
strike you down did my lady strike me
down so next year I'll pick something
easier like lying yeah
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though